- [Nana K.] Back in those days
I didn't really know how to love
someone.
But I wanted so much to be
loved.
("rose" by Anna Tsuchiya)
- [Kyosuke] What the hell?
I thought you went over
there to comfort her,
not to give her a lecture.
What good's that gonna do?
- It just came out that way.
- [Kyosuke] You know, you don't
have to be brutally honest
with someone when they've
just had their heart broken.
- [Junko] Oh, come on.
It was for her own good.
- Yeah. But it wasn't very
considerate.
- When else was she gonna
listen?
- Hey, good evening guys!
- Nobo, why are you here?
What happened to Koichi?
He's got a cold so he took the
day off.
- Oh yeah?
I guess it must be the weather.
Would you mind getting us
a couple beers to start?
- [Nobo] Sure thing.
- Whatcha doin' trying
to hide from us, Shoji?
(Shoji grumbles)
- Don't mind me.
I'm just a character who's
on his way out of the story.
- Don't be so sure.
We can all still see you.
- But for how long?
- Come on and drink with us.
- Hey, let go!
- You just can't
cope with the fact
that you're gonna be stuck
in this story knowing
that everyone watching
is gonna hate you
for what you did
and call you all kinds of names.
- I should have known
better than to come here.
- So how's work?
You got the day off?
- No, sir.
Because it's golden week,
I finished my shift early.
- Stop talkin' like that.
- I went over to see Nana.
You should know that she
is really mad at you.
I think it's probably best
if you steer clear of
her for a while, okay?
- Are you sure steering
clear is the right way to go?
- Shoji knows he screwed
up big time with Nana,
so he wants a chance to
talk with her about it.
But really I don't think
that's a good idea right now.
- Okay. But what does he wanna
say to her?
- Some lame excuse?
- [Shoji] No! There's no excuse!
- [Kyosuke] Hm.
- It's just..
I think she at least
deserves an apology from me.
- Come on.
If you don't intend to get
back together with Nana,
you need to break things off
completely.
- You know you hurt Nana and
Sachiko.
'Cause of you're trying to have
your
cake and eat it too attitude.
Figure it out, dude.
(Shoji grumbles)
The way I see it,
you don't wanna apologize to
Nana
'cause you care about her.
You wanna apologize
'cause you think it'll
make you feel better.
- Huh?
- Now who's the one dishing out
the brutal honesty, Kyosuke?
- He's a guy, so it's different.
Go easy on the women.
Tell it like it is to the men.
That's my motto.
- Nobo, I'm gonna pay up.
I need to head out.
- Are you running away?
- [Shoji] No, but I
hear what you're saying.
I'm gonna make myself scarce for
a while.
- [Kyosuke] Where?
- [Junko] What's with the
flowers?
- Oh, they're nothing.
See you later!
- [Nobo] Uh, Shoji.
- Yeah, what?
Just let me get outta here.
- The hat.
It belongs to the bar.
(laughs nervously) Yeah.
Thanks for coming!
See you soon!
- What a dork.
- [Nobo] I think it's his
girlfriend's birthday tomorrow.
- What?
- You mean Sachiko?
Well, I guess that explains the
flowers.
- She's at work right now,
but he didn't wanna wait till
tomorrow
so he decided to meet her
at the stroke of midnight
so he could be the first one
to wish her a happy birthday.
He sure is an nice guy, huh?
(Shoji sneezes)
- So nice it makes me sick.
I guess they're already
lovey-dovey behind our backs,
huh?
- Anyway. Good for him.
This is how things should
be, for Sachiko's sake.
(door bell clangs)
- [Nobo] Hi! Please, have a
seat.
- (sighs) We should be
more worried about Nana.
After the way you lectured her,
we'll be lucky if she's still
alive.
- She'll be fine.
Tomorrow night's her roommate's
show
and she's so psyched about it.
She's not gonna do anything
drastic before then.
By the way, I promised we'd
go to the show with her.
- Yeah, but what if she kills
herself after the concert?
- [Angel Nana K.] Farewell!
(giggles)
- [Kyosuke] I guess that would
mean the end of the show.
- And then I got so emotional
I just started crying.
'Cause I got front row seats
at the Trapnest concert!
I can't believe I'm
gonna get to see Takumi
up close in person!
I'm so happy I could just die!
(giggles)
- Farewell!
- Oh!
Hold on a minute.
If I died, I wouldn't
get to see him.
So there's no way I can die yet.
- [Junko And Kyosuke] Thank God
for that.
- Hey Jun, if Nana can't go,
do you wanna come to the concert
with me?
- Not really.
I know you got some great seats
but I'm not a big Trapnest fan.
I wouldn't enjoy it.
- Oh, come on, go with her.
It's only a concert.
- You guys are no fun.
Hmph. That's the same reaction
Nana had.
She's like, "I'll only
go if I feel like it."
And when she found out where the
gig was,
she said it wasn't worth going
that far.
- [Junko] How far?
Where is it?
- It's at Idea Hall.
- Idea Hall?
You mean as in the Idea Hall
back home?
- Mm-hm.
- You're kidding me.
Why didn't you just buy tickets
for when they're playing in
Tokyo?
- Because I bought the
tickets so long ago,
I didn't know for sure if
I was gonna be in Tokyo.
And Trapnest is so huge in Tokyo
that even the fan club members
have
to win a lottery to get tickets.
I'd be crushed if I couldn't see
them.
But with the show back home,
I knew I could get two tickets
right next to each other.
And I figured I'd see them
better
than in a big arena in Tokyo.
- Well then you can count me
out.
It's not worth it.
- Well, why not?
It'd be a good excuse to
go home for a nice visit.
- What makes you think I
wanna go home for a visit?
If I do that, my folks will
just make me work on the farm.
(Kyosuke laughs)
- Well, okay, fine.
I'll ask Nana again and see
if she's changed her mind.
She talks tough,
but she can be really
sweet when she wants to be.
I bet I can get her to go with
me.
- I wouldn't be so sure.
Especially not if you're
putting pressure on her.
She won't like that.
Why don't you try and find some
guy who's
as big a Trapnest as fan
as you are and go with him?
- [Kyosuke] Yeah. Great idea.
That way you can get
yourself a new boyfriend
and go to the concert at the
same time.
Kill two birds with one stone.
- No. I don't want a boyfriend.
I'm never falling in love again.
- Huh?
- What are we gonna do with her?
- You take falling in love
away from Nana, what's left?
(car engine revving)
(sad piano music)
- Anyway, I have Nana.
When I'm with her, I never feel
lonely.
We're both girls so we
can totally be ourselves
around each other and we
don't get all jealous.
We always have each other
and it just feels so
comfortable.
Compared to that, love is
exhausting
and painful and it never lasts.
I've had enough of it.
I don't want a boyfriend.
What I want is a knight in
shining armor to protect me.
Of course, I know a guy like
that
doesn't exist in the real world.
(punk music suddenly plays)
(audience cheering)
- It's so loud!
- This place is packed!
And I wanted to be right up at
the front.
We should have gotten here
a lot earlier, you guys!
- What kinda show is this?
Oh, it's punk night.
- Is it all hardcore punk?
- Man, it's gonna be a long
night.
- I think Nana's band is up
next.
We gotta see if we can push
our way up front, come on guys!
- Hey Nana, you want
me to get you a drink?
- No thanks! I'd just spill it.
(audience cheering)
(Nana K. exclaims)
How am I going to get to the
front?
What's with this music?
I can't get into it.
That guy was awful.
- Thank you, good night!
- Plus he needs to lose a few
pounds.
Huh? Are they done?
Nana's next!
This is my chance to get up
close.
- [Concertgoer] Hey, should
we stay for the next band?
- [Concertgoer 2] Black Stones?
Never heard of 'em.
- They shorten it to Blast.
How lame is that?
- It is not lame!
- [Concertgoer] Let's go grab a
smoke.
- [Concertgoer 3] We've
heard all the good bands now.
- [Concertgoer 4] Yeah.
Let's get our drink on.
- What?
Where are they going?
Wait everyone, come back!
You know what?
This next band is like
the best band ever in the whole
world.
Huh?
What a cute girl.
- Oh, yeah, I agree with you.
Blast are so cool,
they totally rule.
- [Nana K.] Wow. She's hyper.
- And their lead singer Nana is
amazing.
Her voice is so strong
and powerful.
- Huh?
- The next band's gonna
be all girls?
- Well, no.
The only girl in the
band is the lead singer,
but the drummer and
the guitar player rock.
They play like pros.
This is their first show in
Tokyo,
but they're really big back
home.
They're awesome.
- Well, you wanna check 'em out?
- Sure. Why not?
- Those curls you've got
are real cute, Goldilocks.
Are they fake?
- No, this is all my own hair.
- [Nana K.] Who is this girl?
- Hey, I hear the next band's
pretty good.
We should stick around.
- Yeah, okay, if you want.
- [Concertgoer] At least
for the first couple songs.
- The next band's supposed to be
amazing.
I think we should stay for a
while.
- Really? If they're gonna
be good, we might as well.
- Are they that good?
- I don't know, but
we're gonna find out.
If they suck, there's gonna be
trouble.
- [Nana K.] Wow, the crowd.
They all came back.
(crowd chattering)
Excuse me.
- Oh my God, they're on!
(Nana K. gasps)
- [Nana K.] Oh, man.
What's going on?
I'm actually getting nervous.
It feels like my heart's gonna
explode.
(instruments tuning)
- Hey, look at those guys up
there.
They're pretty hot, don't you
think?
- Yeah, but what really
matters is how they play.
Not what they look like.
I mean, can they rock the house?
(rock music)
(audience gasping)
- Huh? What's going on?
The floor, it's shaking.
(audience screaming)
- Nana!
("rose" by Anna Tsuchiya)
- Hello Tokyo.
Are you ready for Blast?
- [Nobu's Voice] She was
pretty well known back at home.
Lots of crazy fans and stuff.
- [Nana K.] She was
singing about the struggle
to get up and stand tall.
Even when life has
abandoned you.
Only Nana sings songs like that.
I'm gonna cry.
That's what I'm feeling.
Don't abandon me, Nana.
- Seriously, I was blown away.
You guys really showed a lot
of talent out there tonight.
I mean your performance
made all the
other bands look like amateurs.
- Yeah, you sounded so...
How can I put it?
There's something raw and
real about your energy
when you're on stage.
Anyway, you guys rocked tonight.
- Thanks Mr. Kyosuke
and Ms. Junko.
- Don't gimme that "Mr." crap,
we're the same age as you.
Just use our first names.
- Really? Are you serious?
You guys are so mature.
I thought you were
the same age as Yasu.
- Maybe Nobu should stop
acting like a child.
- He looks cool until he
opens that big mouth of his.
Good thing you guys
made sure he kept
it shut when he was on stage.
(Yasu laughs)
- Uh, Ms. Komatsu.
Do you have any plates we
could use to serve this on?
- [Nana K.] No, we don't have
enough.
You can just put it out like
that.
- Okay.
- Misato!
(Misato exclaims)
- Huh?
- [Nana] What'd you make?
- [Misato] Oh, just a salad.
(giggles)
I figured you'd want something
light to eat after the show.
- [Nana] Mm, yum.
You're a girl after my own
heart.
Let's go sit down with everyone
else
and let Hachi do the rest.
- Yeah, but...
- [Nana] It's fine, it's fine.
Okay, we don't have enough seats
so move it, Nobu.
- Yes ma'am.
- [Nana K.] Where am I gonna
sit?
- You came all the way to Tokyo
just so you could see these guys
perform?
- [Misato] Yeah.
- You look so cute in that
apron, Misato.
- [Nana K.] Which happens to be
my apron.
- Impressive, guys.
You've already got yourselves
a fan club with
the number one fan.
- I'm surprised you even
found out about the show.
We were just filling in 'cause
one of the bands canceled.
- I got a call from Nana
and she told me.
(Nana K. gasps)
- [Nobu] She did?
- [Nana] I just let her
know about the show.
I never actually
expected her to come.
- Is it a problem that I'm here?
- Now why would you think that?
I'm glad you're here.
Come on, sit down.
- [Misato] Thanks!
- [Nana K.] (mockingly) Is
it a problem that I'm here?
Whatever.
- Does she have a thing for
Nana?
She was crying at the show.
But those two girls together?
Weird.
(sad music)
- I love all those blonde curls
of yours.
- [Nana K.] Why am I feeling so
jealous?
- [Misato] Really?
- I wish I had hair like that.
(laughs)
- [Nana K.] Maybe I'm the one
who's weird.
- Can you imagine?
- All right, you guys.
We'll be seein' ya.
- Thanks for a great show.
Good luck with the band.
- [Yasu] Yo, Nobu, get up.
We're going too.
- No, I can't go anywhere.
I don't feel good.
Nobu's a total lightweight
when it comes to drinking.
- More like you're a
heavyweight.
- Hey, Nana.
We should let Nobu crash
here for the night.
- Yeah, that's fine.
Whatever.
- [Misato] Uh.
- [Nana K.] Hm?
- I think I'm gonna head out.
- [Nana] What? Where are you
going?
- I made a reservation
for a room in a hotel
that's close to Tokyo station.
- Oh yeah? Why don't I
take you there in a cab?
- [Nana K.] Good.
I thought she was gonna
end up crashing here too.
- Cancel the hotel room,
you can stay with us.
(Nana K. gasps)
- [Yasu] Makes sense.
I mean you're already here.
- No, no, that's all right.
I couldn't.
- Really, it's no problem.
Nobu, change of plans.
You're not staying here tonight.
Misato wouldn't be safe
around you.
- Ah, no fair.
- [Shinichi] Sweet, now I get
to crash at your place, Nobu.
- I can't sleep.
I know Nana's not into girls,
but what if Misato is?
What if she forces
herself on Nana?
What if they get carried
away and something happens?
Nana's really drunk.
She'd never be that nice
if she wasn't.
Two girls doing it.
How does that work?
I guess Nana would be on top.
(Nana K. gasps)
What am I doing, fantasizing
about my roommate?
I gotta get a boyfriend.
I need to get laid.
And it needs to be soon!
That's why I'm getting
all these freaky feelings.
What I really need is a nice guy
who'll take good care of me.
But hunting for guys is such a
drag.
And all that romance is
a waste of time.
When I fall in love, I get too
involved.
I act crazy and put all my
energy into it.
I forget everything else.
And maybe that's why it doesn't
work out.
It was like that with Takashi.
(sighs) I can hardly even
remember his face anymore,
but I thought I was in love with
him.
Same with Shoji.
I don't wanna think about
Shoji now.
I don't wanna remember.
I have to just think
about tomorrow.
I wish I didn't have the
day off work.
'Cause that would help me
take my mind off things.
Then again, when I do go back
I know Ms. Sakagami is gonna
make me feel
like a loser all day long.
Do I really wanna put myself
through that?
I should look for a new job
so I can get outta there.
That place is way too
uptight for me.
Will there ever be a
place where I can fit in?
(sad music box tune)
I'm jealous of Nana.
(bright music)
Hmph.
Why didn't she invite me too?
I would've loved to have
gone to the amusement park.
In that case, I'm going out.
Yeah, I'm going shopping.
I'm gonna buy clothes, makeup,
a total shopping spree, whatever
I want.
But there's one problem.
I'm broke.
I put that 300,000 yen from my
mom
into a long-term deposit.
- Hi, can I help you?
- Now I can't get at it
and the interest rate sucks.
- Good color for you!
- I don't care about that big
house with a yard anymore.
- Is there something wrong?
Why are there so many
couples all over the place?
Is no one single anymore?
(couple giggling)
(Nana K. exclaims)
That's it, I'm going home.
(ringing)
7 o'clock already?
What a waste of a day.
Now I'm hungry.
What should I do for dinner?
I know, I'll go to Jackson's!
I always know people there
so I won't feel like I'm on my
own.
Then again,
that's where Shoji hangs out.
Forget it.
I'll just get some groceries
and make something at home.
Gotta save money, gotta save
money.
Misato's still in high school
so she's got class tomorrow.
She must be getting the train
home by now.
Which means Nana will
probably be home soon.
Huh, the ground beefs on sale.
Hamburgers tonight.
(suspenseful music)
(Nana K. gasps lightly)
Why did I have to run into her
here?
She doesn't live nearby, does
she?
Or maybe
she's gonna cook something for
Shoji
at his place.
(Nana K. crying)
- Oh, hi Hachi, you're home.
So where you been?
- Welcome back.
You've got great timing.
I made dinner for us all
and it's just about ready.
- Look at her.
Doesn't Misato look super cute
in this?
- Nana decided to buy it for me.
- [Nana] What?
- Huh?
(violin music)
- [Nana K.] I don't wanna lose
Nana too.
- Hachi.
- [Nana K.] Everyone I love
is being taken away from me.
So is this girl gonna be
staying with us tonight as well?
In case you forgot, I
live here too, you know.
You can't just do whatever you
want, Nana!
(Nana gasps)
(Nana sighs)
I thought Nana was going
to be really mad at me
but she looked like a child
who'd just been scolded.
It breaks my heart to think
about it.
If only I'd been more mature
back then.
If only I realized what
your weaknesses were.
Would things have been
different now?